8 April 2011

Andy's idiotic decision to run 'yum update', within hours of the
broadcast, screws his Fedora 15 ('Mother's Meaty Beefballs') laptop up
completely but David saves the situation by recommending he uses his
Android phone to preserve his suboptimal audio quality and high
dropout rate.

Luke decides to abstain by drinking Diet Coke while Andy and David
slowly get inebriated to numb the pain.

The Unholy Triumvirate review (mostly positive) feedback from
listeners for episode 1 so thanks to all of you who listened and
contributed.

We are delighted to discover than Google Listen delivers the damning
verdict: "'This is not a podcast' is not recognised as a
podcast". Comprehensive testing shows that most podcatchers and RSS
readers work fine with TINAP while all the rubbish ones don't.

Luke talks about the application process for the Google Summer of
Code, we all take a look at the recently released Habari 0.7 blogging
platform and Andy gives his first impressions of the Gnome 3 desktop
environment.

Fab is not mentioned in this episode at all. Well not often anyway.

We then correctly forecast the results of all this week's Champions
League fixtures and look at Michael Jackson's erection in South West
London.

David ponders on the relative lack of coverage on identi.ca of the
situation in Libya and Andy explodes on a political rant and then
drops off (again).

This podcast is all about freedom so, in an exciting development, this
episode is now available in glorious stereo and good old fashioned
mono. Just hunt high and low for a 'Mono' button on your music player
and your channels will be equalised.

Episode #2 File: <a href="http://archive.org/download/TINAP_AUDIO/TINAP2.ogg">TINAP2.ogg</a> Duration: 1h 12m 30s Size: 28.8 MB

MP3: <a href="http://archive.org/download/TINAP_AUDIO/TINAP2.mp3">TINAP2.mp3</a> Size: 24.9 MB

This is not a podcast is <a href="http://archive.org/download/TINAP_AUDIO/TINAP2mono.ogg">not in stereo for all the mono lovers</a>.

0:00 Jambo!<br>0:50 Lenny Henry’s purple hotel chain<br>1:20 Corenominal’s mo-no button<br>1:42 In Belgium they speak several different languages<br>2:03 Is this show just gonna be ‘what Fab said next’?<br>2:56 Getting down with the kidz<br>3:25 How to make a podcast<br>4:14 From The Pub<br>5:14 Configuring Arch<br>6:44 #tinap feedback<br>7:40 The winner of the first TINAP free draw<br>8:40 Thank you to everyone who listened<br>8:55 The Identi.ca review show<br>9:49 One of the few people whose business is up<br>10:18 The vision<br>11:06 Do you know any pilots?<br>12:23 Country yokel special<br>13:02 The posh show with Luke<br>13:16 Don’t make episode 2<br>14:10 The show must go on<br>14:44 Some other things that didn’t work #metapodacasting<br>15:13 This is not a podcast is not recognised as a podcast<br>16:23 Nothing to do with lingerie<br>17:15 It’s not worth repeating<br>17:57 LOL :D<br>18:53 Habari?<br>20:08 Wordpress<br>20:57 Using and contributing to the Habari project<br>25:43 Developments on Identi.ca<br>26:24 Google Summer of Code<br>27:53 Libre.fm and GNU Social<br>28:25 Freelish.us<br>29:28 The linkblogger king from Australia<br>30:15 Hampr.com<br>30:42 It’s totally, totally awesome!<br>31:40 The reason I stopped using bookmarks<br>32:17 Diigo<br>32:58 He had a Brazilian did he?<br>33:27 Frank’s red jelly castle<br>34:31 Congratulations to Robyn and Becky<br>35:22 Move to Wales and walk up hills<br>37:00 First against the wall !fatw<br>37:57 What. Fuck. What.<br>38:48 What was that wailing noise?<br>39:26 The difference between !groups and #tags<br>39:52 TechBytes podcast<br>40:25 I am !enraged! !ffs<br>41:20 GNOME 3<br>43:10 Unity<br>44:11 April Fools<br>45:38 Swift<br>46:00 Brion Vibber joining Gwibber?<br>46:11 We’ve had enough of your attention seeking<br>46:55 With your trilby hat on and your bayonet<br>48:02 Torres hasn’t scored yet<br>48:57 The massacre of Upton Park<br>49:46 Michael Jackson's erection<br>50:21 The Aussie captain who lost three Ashes series<br>50:54 London Olympics 2012<br>51:34 FIFA 09<br>52:00 Luke and the sheepdog trials<br>52:27 What’s telematics?<br>53:15 Clive King<br>55:30 The awkward second unarmed uprising syndrome #libya<br>60:15 Fire drill<br>1:01:02 !Listening to #music<br>1:01:33 Björn &amp; Gorden - Electrr - IV<br>1:04:54 Violet Youth - Together<br>1:10:22 Donations<br>1:10:34 How to deal with a bad review<br>1:10:59 We need to start loving each other a bit more<br>1:11:48 One day I’ll be like the rest of you and normal<br>1:12:10 Outtakes

Interesting links

How to make a podcast (Episode 200, soon to be released)by <a title="Podcast archives" href="http://linuxoutlaws.com/archives">Linux Outlaws</a>.

<a title="From The Pub" href="http://www.fromthepub.com/">From The Pub</a>, Adam Wilcox's podcast.

<a title="Read and leave feedback here" href="http://identi.ca/tag/tinap">Feedback for the show</a> in Identi.ca.

<a href="http://identi.ca/bobobex">Becky</a> puts us to shame by running a long way. You can still <a href="http://www.justgiving.com/becky-newborough">sponsor</a> Becky's effort for charity.

<a href="http://identi.ca/robynfantastica">Robyn</a> also completes a marathon while her lesser half <a href="http://identi.ca/frankenspock">Frank</a> sits at home building <a href="http://logicalpoint.wordpress.com/2011/03/30/how-you-like-me-now/">castles</a> made out of cheese skins, listening to The Fall asking 'When will dinner be ready ?'

<a href="http://identi.ca/robconnolly">Rob Connolly</a> is busy working on an Android podcatcher called <a href="http://blog.webworxshop.com/projects/swallowcatcher">SwallowCatcher</a>.

<a href="http://habariproject.org/en/">Habari</a> - a blogging platform with a minimalist GUI and a lean core written in Object Oriented PHP. Habari also includes a brilliant community providing help, support and jokes. Habari 0.7 was <a href="http://habariproject.org/en/habari-07-released">released</a> last week.

Adam WIlcox's useful <a href="http://log.adamwilcox.org/post/1313570680">tips</a> on podcasting using Tumblr and his own '<a href="http://www.fromthepub.com/">From The Pub</a>' podcast.

Status Net <a href="http://status.net/2011/04/01/new-federated-social-bookmarks-service-freelish-us">announce</a> <a href="http://freelish.us/">Freelish.us</a> and the world says 'Is this an April Fool ?'

<a href="https://www.hampr.com/">Hampr</a> is an alternative bookmarks manager that uses a Firefox extension (rather than a bookmarklet) developed by <a href="http://identi.ca/fo0bar">fo0bar</a>.

XMPP enthusiasts might be interested in <a href="http://swift.im">Swift</a> - a new XMPP client developed by <a href="http://identi.ca/remko">remko</a> and <a href="http://identi.ca/kev">kevin</a>.

Andy proudly takes <a href="http://identi.ca/notice/68642426">delivery</a> of the Exadata rack for Linux Outlaws.

The origins of the This is not a podcast ‘<a href="http://identi.ca/notice/67821796">Vision</a>’. Inevitably, this was a piss-take.

Luke attends a <a href="http://nourishedcloud.com/blog/truss">talk</a> by Clive King of Sun about the complexity of different programming languages.

Unfortunately, the book review where the author popped in to respond with 'Fuck off' has now been removed but it will live long in the memory. And the Google <a href="http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:swgWu6ED4IIJ:booksandpals.blogspot.com/2011/03/greek-seaman-jacqueline-howett.html+http://booksandpals.blogspot.com/2011/03/greek-seaman-jacqueline-howett.html&amp;cd=1&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=uk&amp;client=firefox-a&amp;source=www.google.co.uk">cache</a>.

Follow <a href="http://exador.status.net/">http://exador.status.net/</a> for Libya updates.

<a href="http://identi.ca/thistleweb">thistleweb</a>'s excellent set of <a href="http://thistleweb.co.uk/screencast">screencasts</a> on Drupal and Mint and the <a title="TechBytes podcast" href="http://openbytes.wordpress.com/category/techbytes-audiocast/">TechBytes podcast</a>.

Musical credits

'<a href="http://soundcloud.com/violetyouth/together">Together</a>' by Violet Youth.

<a href="http://www.headphonica.com/?p=1189"><span>Björn &amp; Gorden - Electrr</span></a> - IV
