17 April 2011

David foolishly upgraded to Skype 2.2 beta and lost the ability to
speak. This hiccup nearly sabotaged episode 3 and embarrassed us as we
welcome Gordon Sinclair (thistleweb) as our first guest on the virtual
sofa.

Gordon’s an experienced podcaster on TechBytes and Hacker Public Radio
and  has also  produced a  series of  excellent screencasts  which are
invaluable for any novice/intermediate Mint and Drupal users.

This episode is dedicated to the memory of dearly, departed listener
Maxime Pelletier. To paraphrase the CRM saying, ‘It takes years to
acquire a new listener and seconds to lose one’.

His damning <a href="http://identi.ca/notice/70427730">words</a> still
haunt us so we open the broadcast in French just for Maxime.

<blockquote>

Sorry, but can’t listen to the first episode of #tinap. It’s giving me an headache.

</blockquote>

Inspired by episode 200 of Linux Outlaws and in answer to hundreds of
enquiries from listeners (‘How the hell do you produce audio of that
quality ?’), we describe the comprehensive and expensive studio setup
and audio equipment that powers ‘This Is Not A Podcast’.

Clearly this is very complicated to describe so David helpfully
created a ‘schematic’ to illustrate our infrastructure.

<a href="https://picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/h7vX0NQDw76y0Nsp4JB0v5KI9WeOqPfUAXHyghKXlVM?feat=embedwebsite"><img src="https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/_l2uGy1RGCiE/TankexFTmzI/AAAAAAAABuE/u3V3ON0fYG8/s400/2913d8e3b681fc2a70e4dd200b4b322f.png" height="400" width="399"></a>

We bask in the glory of our first written review from Dick Turpin who
loves the ‘running order’ and celebrate the creation of the !tinap
group on identi.ca.

We discuss whether Direct Messages are useful and consider Bradley
Kuhn’s idea for a ‘Must Read’ list which is coming in StatusNet 1.0.

We commit to taking frostbite up on his very kind offer of making a
Mumble server available that may meet our simple podcasting
needs. Mumble/Murmur is an open source VOIP solution that may enable
us to uninstall Skype and lose that lucrative sponsorship deal.

Oil is poured over recent controversies regarding Skype (yawn), KDE
versus Gnome and CrunchBang’s decision to use BitTorrent as the sole
means of distribution.

In response to feedback, the unpopular ‘Sport’ section completely
ignores football and focusses instead on Sheepdog Trials in Wales.

Episode 3 - ‘My Unicycle Has A Puncture’ (54m 57s).

Ogg (mono): <a href="http://archive.org/download/TINAP_AUDIO/TINAP3mono.ogg">TINAP3mono.ogg</a> (13.7MB)

Ogg (stereo): <a href="http://archive.org/download/TINAP_AUDIO/TINAP3.ogg">TINAP3.ogg</a> (17.7MB)

MP3 (mono): <a href="http://archive.org/download/TINAP_AUDIO/TINAP3.mp3">TINAP3.mp3</a> (18.7MB)

Communitise the community and use <a href="http://notapodcast.co.uk/">BitTorrent</a>.

<em>Running order (accurate to 1/10 second)</em>

00:00 Mon monocycle a une crevaison<br> 00:26 Och aye the noo, Gordon!<br> 01:15 TechBytes<br> 02:24 Hacker Public Radio<br> 03:03 Linux Mint and Drupal<br> 04:19 TINAP Sound System<br> 05:09 I don’t really want to bring it to people’s attention<br> 05:41 I thought it was some phallic symbol<br> 06:32 Stereo for life<br>08:11 It was a bit ropey<br> 09:52 @dickturpin’s review<br> 11:44 How to deal with a bad review<br> 12:02 Free sex<br> 13:16 We’re all big boys and we can take it<br> 13:41 Short fat hairy legs<br> 15:11 Where recursive acronyms lead<br> 16:38 I’m not Welsh!<br> 17:45 A bit like the French<br> 19:01 The best thing to come out of Scotland<br> 20:03 The mouse in my room<br> 21:18 Andy’s Inner Circle of Trust vapourware<br> 22:55 Identica &gt; Twitter<br> 23:57 I’m taking my bra off<br> 25:15 Self-promotion<br> 26:32 Kevin Smith<br> 27:33 Skype is the only game in town<br> 29:13 We’ve got a very strict timetable<br> 30:42 Skype War<br> 33:00 Rowche Mumble<br> 34:07 KDE War<br> 36:59 OpenSuse 11.4<br> 37:42 Gloating GNOME people<br> 38:15 Torrentgate<br> 40:13 CrunchBang<br> 42:10 Ubuntu GNOME Remix and Elementary OS<br> 43:52 Sheep shaving and Caerphilly cheese<br> 46:09 Yoga not yoghurt<br> 47:03 Tea break<br> 48:11 Has Fernando Torres Scored For Chelsea? (via @rpcutts <a href="http://identi.ca/notice/70933762">http://identi.ca/notice/70933762</a> )<br> 49:15 Any predictions, Luke?<br> 50:12 Music - '<a href="http://20lb.net/song/jimmy-carter">Jimmy Carter'</a> by <a href="http://20lb.net/">20lb Sounds</a><br> 54:02 Outtakes

<em>Further Reading</em>

Many thanks to our special guest <a
href="http://identi.ca/thistleweb">Gordon</a> for appearing on the
show. Gordon has produced a series of excellent Drupal/Mint
screencasts and blogs over at <a
href="http://thistleweb.co.uk/">Digital Prism</a>. Gordon also
presents a podcast which is a podcast - <a
href="http://openbytes.wordpress.com/category/techbytes-audiocast/">TechBytes</a>.

<a href="http://identi.ca/dickturpin">Dick Turpin</a> (who is not an ageing, bald headed highwayman from Wolverhampton) was kind enough to post a detailed <a href="http://www.cannon-linux.co.uk/?p=1352">review</a> of ‘This Is Not A Podcast’.

<a href="http://identi.ca/stav">Stav</a> created an identi.ca group <a href="http://identi.ca/group/tinap">!tinap</a> for tinap enthusiasts with a brilliant logo.

<a href="http://identi.ca/rpcutts">Richard</a> makes Andy’s life complete by inventing a <a href="http://identi.ca/notice/70923177">recursive acronym</a> for ‘tinap’.

Gordon recommends two British TV comedies - ‘<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Absolutely_%28TV_series%29">Absolutely</a>’ and ‘<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Still_Game">Still Game</a>’ and would like film producer <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevin_Smith">Kevin Smith</a> (<a href="http://www.smodcast.com/">Smodcast</a>) to have a presence on identi.ca.

<a href="http://identi.ca/frostbite">Jonathan</a>, who produces a series of ‘This Week in…’ <a href="http://www.frostbitemedia.org/">podcasts</a> kindly offers TINAP access to a <a href="http://mumble.sourceforge.net/">Mumble</a> server to evaluate this open source VOIP technology.

This week’s heated discussions on identi.ca

<ul><li> <a href="http://identi.ca/conversation/68123430#notice-70415577">Skype</a> (again).</li>

<li>The tricky first release of a major desktop environment - <a href="http://identi.ca/conversation/68238266">KDE/Gnome</a>.</li>

<li> <a href="http://identi.ca/conversation/68422712">Torrentgate</a> and Phillp’s <a href="http://corenominal.org/2011/04/10/torrentgate/">decision</a> to distribute CrunchBang using BitTorrent only.</li>

</ul>David is ‘keeping an eye on’ <a href="http://identi.ca/notice/70729659">Ubuntu Gnome Remix</a>. [The phrase ‘keeping an eye on’ is © Linux Outlaws and appears with kind permission of <a href="http://identi.ca/methoddan">Dan</a>.]

Bradley Kuhn’s suggestion for a ‘<a href="http://identi.ca/conversation/67945865#notice-70227684">Must Read</a>’ list and Evan’s <a href="http://evan.status.net/notice/748361">response</a> with similar functionality coming in StatusNet 1.0.

Andy’s logical extrapolation of this concept is the ‘<a href="http://andyc.tumblr.com/post/1097394619">Inner Circle of Trust</a>’.
